docs: add client configuration section and examples to AI Bridge (#20340)
coder/coder: docs/ai-coder/ai-bridge.md

> [!NOTE]
> See [Supported APIs](#supported-apis) section below for a comprehensive list.

## Client Configuration

Once Bridge is enabled and configured on the server side, you need to configure your AI clients (IDEs, agents, CLI tools) to route their requests through Bridge instead of directly to OpenAI or Anthropic.

### Setting Base URLs

Configure your AI client to point to your Coder deployment's Bridge endpoints:

> - **OpenAI-compatible clients**: Set `OPENAI_BASE_URL` to `https://coder.example.com/api/v2/api/experimental/aibridge/openai/v1/`

Reviewer: Sometimes it's just `.../aibridge/openai` and not `.../aibrdige/openai/v1`

> - **Anthropic-compatible clients**: Set `ANTHROPIC_BASE_URL` to `https://coder.example.com/api/v2/api/experimental/aibridge/anthropic/`

Reviewer: Not `/api/v2/api/experimental`, just `/api/experimental`

Reviewer: This seems to be a problem throughout the whole file as well

- **Anthropic clients**: Set `ANTHROPIC_API_KEY` to your Coder session token or API key

You can generate a Coder API key using:

```sh
coder tokens create
```

### Configuration Examples

#### Claude Code CLI

Configure Claude Code to use Bridge:

```sh
export ANTHROPIC_BASE_URL="https://coder.example.com/api/v2/api/experimental/aibridge/anthropic/"
export ANTHROPIC_API_KEY="your-coder-session-token"
```

#### Custom Scripts

Any tool that supports custom base URLs can be configured similarly:

```python
import openai

client = openai.OpenAI(
    base_url="https://coder.example.com/api/v2/api/experimental/aibridge/openai/v1/",
    api_key="your-coder-session-token"
)
```

### Pre-configuring in Coder Templates

For the best user experience, you can pre-configure AI Bridge settings in your Coder templates so that users don't need to manually set environment variables. This is especially useful for:

- **IDE workspaces** (VS Code, Cursor, JetBrains) where AI extensions are used
- **Agent workspaces** where tools like Goose or Claude Code run
- **Development environments** that include AI tooling out of the box

> Coder provides the [`data.coder_workspace_owner.me.session_token`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/coder/coder/latest/docs/data-sources/workspace_owner) data source which gives you access to the workspace owner's session token. This token automatically authenticates requests through Bridge.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Coder provides the [`data.coder_workspace_owner.me.session_token`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/coder/coder/latest/docs/data-sources/workspace_owner) data source which gives you access to the workspace owner's session token. This token is authenticated when requests are routed through AI Bridge.
```
